tomorrow is the three-year anniversary
of the day Donald Trump was elected
president of United States
and it's been smooth sailing ever since
Trump plans to celebrate this
anniversary tomorrow by playing golf and
then making love to an overcooked steak
with ketchup on it this is kind of
interesting you know how the president
has the best words he uses all the best
words well he's in Monroe Louisiana last
night where he treated the crowd to what
seems to have become his new favorite
word that is not a word
Butler remember Muller with that hoax
the biggest lie ever foisted upon the
American people the foist ER and it
wasn't just like a slip of the tongue
because he did it he did it again on
Tuesday in Lexington the most egregious
fraud ever voice and cry day in Tupelo
the signal greatest lies ever moistured
[Music]
he's the word for Easter three times in
a week it's a combination of foisted and
forced which also happened to be his two
favorite ways to meet women so
The Washington Post had a story this
morning and the president went
Washington Post delivered the story says
Trump asked the Attorney General William
bar to hold the televised press
conference to declare that the president
had broken no laws as it pertains to
this Ukraine thing he wanted him to go
out there and proclaim his innocence for
him Barr said no and Trump is now saying
that didn't happen in a series of rage
tweets this morning he wrote a fake
Washington Post con job totally untrue
just another fake news story lowlife
reporters pure fiction from a garbage
newspaper he said this never happened
and there were no sources which means it
definitely happened and there are
multiple sources my big question is does
he ever do any actual like president
work it seems or is it all just rallies
and tweets now seriously when is the
last time you heard about Trump doing
something that wasn't related to him
getting him Pete I think it happened
like three times this year the president
also complained that media outlets don't
use fact checkers anymore they just
write whatever they want which that's
rich Donald Trump claiming the media
does in fact jack is like are kelly
calling chris brown or creep it's really
checking facts and tax returns trumped
by the way isn't the first president to
have it out for The Washington Post
you know else wasn't a fan this guy you
know poor Richard Nixon I was thinking
about this today he didn't have a fox
news he didn't have a sean hannity going
Watergate I'm more like water great
together this week you know he had
nothing this morning another transcript
from yet another senior government
official was released this one said
there was a quid pro quo with Ukraine
and there was testimony from an aide to
Mike Pence who was listening in on that
perfect phone called Trump main she said
she found it to be unusual and was
concerned about what she heard the
Democrats are not wasting any time with
this the house is on track to vote on it
by Christmas which I don't know why not
do it on Christmas you know in Peacham
on Christmas that way we can start a new
tradition of rewatching that every year
humph is on his way now to becoming the
third president to be impeached if he is
he'll face a trial in the Senate and the
possibility he could be removed from
office and it's all because it's really
because he asked another country to dig
up dirt that didn't exist the Ukrainians
they didn't have any evidence of
wrongdoing by the Biden Sea he wanted
them to look into something there wasn't
to look into even Trump's former special
envoy said the accusations weren't
credible
basically Trump tried to pull off a
heist on a casino that had no money in
it like a Trump casino for infinite
cherry on top of the stupid Sunday today
The Daily Beast is reporting that
according to multiple sources Trump
keeps in touch with Mark Burnett the TV
producer and has been discussing a new
version of The Apprentice from when he
leaves office in this one he'll be in
prison it will it's called The
Apprentice entry and I think it's gonna
be great
there's a new Trump tell-all book on the
way it written anonymously by the senior
White House official who wrote that
infamous op-ed in The New York Times
it's called a warning and according to a
warning trump was so unhinged after he
fired Jim Comey senior White House
officials discussed which cabinet
members would support invoking the 25th
amendment that's the amendment where
they removed the president by deeming
him unfit for office the book said there
was no doubt among senior officials that
Mike Pence would support removing Trump
from the White House well could you
imagine that conversation how you see
Mike Pence is yelling 25th amendment and
running as fast as he can
today the Vice portal was asked if there
was any truth to the story and you'll
you're never gonna believe this he said
there isn't a spokeswoman for your
office is denying a claim in this
upcoming anonymous tell-all book that
you considered using the 25th amendment
to remove the President Trump from
officer I'd like to get it from the
horse's mouth then whether where you've
stood on that you know when those rumors
came out a few years ago I dismissed
them then I never heard any discussion
in my entire tenure as vice president
about the 25th amendment and and why
would I look well I don't know maybe
because of this
Kanye West gets it anyway the White
House
I don't know between this the writer of
this anonymous book and trying to smoke
out this whistleblower the White House
must be a very tense place right now
it's like a game of Clue except in this
version Colonel Mustard is in the
bedroom with a bucket of chicken as if
there wasn't enough going on today a
court in New York ordered Donald Trump
to pay a two million dollar penalty for
running a fraudulent foundation the
Trump foundation they'll have to donate
two million dollars to charity which if
he pays as he's required to will bring
his total lifetime charitable
contributions to two million dollars he
decided to change his residency from New
York to Palm Beach Florida where he owns
mar-a-lago and as is usually the case
team Trump is exploiting this book by
turning it into a product that they hope
will be the must-have toy this holiday
season
beautiful sprawling mar-a-lago resort
the winter White House and the
president's new permanent address
now you can build your own winter white
house mara
Lego you'll have hours of fun the secret
summit with Vladimir Putin with arrogant
Donald Jr rescue Melania from her prison
tower drive the Ukrainian president then
give me some dirt on Biden and keep the
president out of trouble Marat Lego from
the makers of mega doodle draw your tax
returns and watch them disappear
Donald's dream Jail sold separately
available at Walgreens
[Applause]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed